Customers are the lifeline of all businesses regardless of the industry. Customers help businesses with revenue generation, promote their brand and even help them maintain a competitive advantage over their competitors in the same industry. Thus it is evident that Customer Retention  has a direct impact on revenue and business stability. In industries like subscription based services and telecommunications where due to a large number of competitors, customers are highly likely to switch to another provider of the same service. In these industries getting a new customer base is much more expensive than retaining existing customers. Thus businesses can utilize customer churn prediction to identify those customers who are most likely to end their relationship with the business and switch to a competitor. In this paper,  a convolutional neural network (CNN) that is fully connected is combined with Long-Short Term Memory Network (LSTM) and Generative Adversarial Networks (GAN). The model would take in the company product details along with their current customers and would be able to determine those at risk customers while also helping optimize the product sales forecast. This would allow companies to take proactive steps such as offering various incentives or rewards to convince the at-risk customers to continue their business with the company and also determine their product's success from the forecast.

A Customer Churn Prediction Model for an E-Commerce Website with noticeable class imbalance between Churn and Non-Churn in the dataset.Initially when using our CNN-LSTM model we only had an accuracy of about 84%.After using GAN(Generative Adversial Networks) on the dataset we were able to handle the class imbalance and when passed through our CNN model we were able to achieve an accuracy of 97%.



